Modifications is testing docs (#4069)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/contributing/tests.rst

Testing JupyterHub and linting code
===================================

> Unit tests help confirming that JupyterHub works as intended and does so even when modifications are made. Additionally, they help in clarifying our expectations for our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests help confirm that JupyterHub works as intended, including after modifications are made. Additionally, they help in clarifying our expectations for our code.
```

JupyterHub uses `pytest <https://pytest.org>`_ for all the tests. You
can find them under the `jupyterhub/tests <https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub/tree/main/jupyterhub/tests>`_ directory in the git repository.

Running the tests
==================

#. Make sure you have completed :ref:`contributing/setup`. Once completed, you should be able

>    to start ``jupyterhub`` through a web browser as well as the command line. By doing this, it is ensured that the dev environment is properly set

Reviewer: Do you mean you can open JupyterHub in a web browser after starting it on the command line?

Author: @manics I guess that is the case. Since step 7 and 8 in the set up docs state

"
 7. You are now ready to start JupyterHub!
``jupyterhub``
8. You can access JupyterHub from your browser at http://localhost:8000 now.
"

>    to run ``jupyterhub`` on your command line and access JupyterHub from your browser at http://localhost:8000. By doing this, it is ensured that the dev environment is properly set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   to run ``jupyterhub`` on your command line and access JupyterHub from your browser at http://localhost:8000. Being able to run and access `jupyterhub` should mean that the dev environment is properly set
```

      
      pytest -v jupyterhub/tests/test_api.py::test_shutdown

>    For more information, refer to `pytest usage documentation <https://pytest.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information, refer to the `pytest usage documentation <https://pytest.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html>`_.
```

- ``bad_spawn``: enables the BadSpawner (a spawner that fails immediately)
- ``slow_bad_spawn``: enables the SlowBadSpawner (a spawner that fails after a short delay)

> For information on using the existing fixtures and creating new ones, refer to `pytest fixtures documentation <https://pytest.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fixture.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on using the existing fixtures and creating new ones, refer to the `pytest fixtures documentation <https://pytest.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fixture.html>`_
```

All the tests are failing
-------------------------

> Make sure you have completed all the steps in :ref:`contributing/setup` successfully, and are able to can access JupyterHub from your browser at http://localhost:8000 after starting ``jupyterhub`` in your command line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you have completed all the steps in :ref:`contributing/setup` successfully, and are able to access JupyterHub from your browser at http://localhost:8000 after starting ``jupyterhub`` in your command line.
```

-------------------------

Make sure you have completed all the steps in :ref:`contributing/setup` successfully, and

> can launch ``jupyterhub`` from the terminal as well as the web browser.

Reviewer: As before, do you mean opening JupyterHub in a browser after starting it from a terminal?
